last year the first generation iphone
launch and a flurry with everyone going
out to buy one this year Apple announced
the iphone 3g with an all new hardware
design a new firmware dubbed iphone to
point out most exciting is the fact that
developers can now create their own cool
iphone apps without resorting to a hack
i know i'd like to have my own live
video streaming app for pop 17 content
well anyway I went down to the apple
store in SoHo to see what people think
about the new iphone but before we check
that out i'd like to give a major thanks
to my sponsors TechCrunch virgin america
and purkett PR guys good buy a 3g iphone
do you have an iphone give an iphone do
you have an iphone and what are you
using right here oh man do you have an
iphone I
do you have an iPhone
ladies do you have an iphone trying to
get the new one oh you are yeah what do
you thinks the best part GPS or 3g I'm
gonna go with the GPS I always get lost
hey do man iphone no I don't have one
are you gonna buy one I will buy one why
is living in New York City you can get a
cell phone service you can triangulate
where you are 3 g's more important yeah
it's just way too expensive i think i'm
gonna have to start giving cigarettes so
i don't think i've been getting an
iphone judging from the lack of
responses New Yorkers aren't that
excited about the new iphone however
that doesn't mean that there won't be a
line around the corner for its launch on
july 11 for instance chris pirillo west
coast blogger is really excited about
the new iphone with GPS built in the
speed enhancement is great but in my
mind the number one reason to get the
iphone 3g is the gps personally I can't
wait to see how it operates with the new
geotagging photos and the mobile new
service what I'm most excited about is
live video streaming on my phone I
lifecast every day via flicks wagon on
top 17 calm / live according to my
sources at flicks wagon they have the
technology to stream live video
broadcasts with the high phone over a 3g
network so here's to hoping to see their
app soon because i look forward to
chatting with you for my
why I got the first generation iphone
and i love it it is the best phone i've
ever done but i'm not really sure I mean
waiting line on july 11 for the launch
what about you guys are you going to
upgrade your iphone to the next one
they're really worth it with a
blackberry bold just right around the
corner i'd love to hear from you guys in
the comments so drop me a line I'm Sarah
and this is pop 17